alright so this is update 14 on Larry's
motivator project and Ray is laying a
third sheet now on the molds the wheel
wells getting those ready and we should
get all the other layers on today so
we're working on that today let's see
what's going on and the booth we're
getting ready to roll it out okay so
totally that is a badass all that big
meat back there Michael got the prodigy
bar four legs installed with the
air-ride shock waves and we'll get this
thing over in the shop now and get the
sway bar the brakes make up the brake
lines start get the fuel tank in a fuel
system get all that stuff underneath see
it looks like we got the front put
together we've got the wheels on the
front they are just absolutely gorgeous
we got our shock waves in today just in
time so we got those installed so that's
cool so we'll be able to set this thing
in a cool ride height while we work it
out of here in the shop that's always
important see that back wheel looks like
Michaels get some air and there we put
some Schrader valves in these things
there we go trying to simulate some ride
height here
you let a little more out of them will
get daripada next leg there you go we
get daripada next week in the meantime
the Schrader valves are a great way if
you're working on your air ride system
to put a little bit of air and I'm just
the whole support the weight of the car
while you're working at it I'm getting
closer Jack it up a little bit more
Michael I think I'll go in a little
deeper now okay we're actually going to
put a little bit air back into it now be
awesome if we could get it to that ride
height but I think that's a little low
you'll be a little higher vena 67 it's
going to be hard to cut the tire much
more than AB but when they look at that
color combination in that wheel damn it
yeah I called it a 68 67 68 wheel well
same thing all right guys so that's it
for today we actually got to take off
and go to my buddy Bruce's surprise 60th
birthday party by the way happy birthday
Bruce you'll fart alright guys see you
later
you